capital = 135
1943.1.1 = { 


##set_cosmetic_tag = GER_OBWEST



add_ideas = no_change_production
add_manpower = 1000000

set_research_slots = 0
set_stability = 1
set_war_support = 1
add_command_power = 150


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
	
}
set_technology = {
radio_detection = 1
	decimetric_radar = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_signal_company2 = 1
	tech_signal_company3 = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_logistics_company2 = 1 
	tech_logistics_company3 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_field_hospital2 = 1
	tech_field_hospital3 = 1
	tech_military_police = 1 
	tech_military_police2 = 1 
	tech_engineers3 = 1
	tech_recon2 = 1
	tech_recon3 = 1
	tech_engineers2 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	infantry_at = 1
	infantry_at2 = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	paratroopers2 = 1
	advanced_machine_tools = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	support_weapons3 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1 
	delay = 1
	elastic_defence = 1
	armored_spearhead = 1
	schwerpunk = 1 
	blitzkrieg = 1
	kampfgruppe = 1
	base_strike = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	armored_car1 = 1 
	armored_car2 = 1 
	armored_car3 = 1
	armored_car_at_upgrade = 1 
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	marines = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mechanised_infantry = 1 
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	computing_machine = 1
	improved_computing_machine = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	improved_machine_tools = 1
	assembly_line_production = 1
	improved_equipment_conversion = 1
	flexible_line = 1
	dispersed_industry = 1
	dispersed_industry2 = 1
	dispersed_industry3 = 1
	dispersed_industry4 = 1
	dispersed_industry5 = 1
	fuel_refining2 = 1
	fuel_refining3 = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	oil_processing = 1
	improved_oil_processing = 1
	construction1 = 1
	construction2 = 1
	construction3 = 1
	construction4 = 1
	construction5 = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	artillery1 = 1
	artillery3 = 1
	artillery2 = 1
	artillery4 = 1
	artillery5 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	antiair1 = 1
	antiair2 = 1
	antiair3 = 1
	antiair4 = 1
	antiair5 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	antitank2 = 1
	antitank3 = 1
	antitank4 = 1
	antitank5 = 1
	rocket_artillery = 1
	wartime_train = 1
	armored_train = 1 	
	railway_gun = 1
	
}

add_ideas = german_army
######## 15. Armee 
## 67. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Walter_Weikersthal

## 81. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Adolf_Kuntzen

## 82. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Johann_Sinnhuber

## 89. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Werner_Gilsa



recruit_character = MOD_Erich_Wagner
recruit_character = MOD_Joachim_Vogel
recruit_character = MOD_Heinrich_Vogel
recruit_character = MOD_Hans_Peters
recruit_character = MOD_Hugo_Schaefer
recruit_character = MOD_Bernd_Walter
recruit_character = MOD_Armin_Klein
recruit_character = MOD_Erwin_Haas
recruit_character = MOD_Joachim_Eckert
recruit_character = MOD_Egon_Braun
recruit_character = MOD_Hugo_Reich
recruit_character = MOD_Alwin_Braun
recruit_character = MOD_Fritz_Vogelbaum
recruit_character = MOD_Alwin_Gross
recruit_character = MOD_Leopold_Schneider
recruit_character = MOD_Alwin_Wolf
recruit_character = MOD_Leonhard_Vogel
recruit_character = MOD_Theodor_Fischer
recruit_character = MOD_Hans_Ritter
recruit_character = MOD_Alfred_Schultz
recruit_character = MOD_Albert_Schwarz
recruit_character = MOD_Gero_Brandt
recruit_character = MOD_Knut_Walter
recruit_character = MOD_Adolf_Baum
recruit_character = MOD_Bernd_Klein
recruit_character = MOD_Hans_Walter
recruit_character = MOD_Henning_Koch
recruit_character = MOD_Rainer_Richter


create_country_leader = {
	name = "Hans von Salmuth"
	desc = "Generaloberst"
	picture = "gfx/ModPortraits/GER/Hans_Salmuth.png"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = nazism
	traits = {
		
	}
}	











}
