
capital = 132

#oob = "GER_1943"

add_threat = 100
add_manpower = 250000




complete_national_focus = reset_1918_borders_focus
1918.1.1 = { 
create_dynamic_country = {
	    original_tag = DKR
	   set_country_flag = OKW_ww1_start_tag 
		set_politics = {
			ruling_party = neutrality
		}
		set_cosmetic_tag = DKR_neutrality
		set_research_slots = 0
	    reserve_dynamic_country = yes
	}



}
1943.1.1 = { clr_country_flag = OKW_ww1_start_tag
set_cosmetic_tag = GER_OBWEST

oob="GER_Mod"
add_manpower = 250000
add_timed_idea = {
    idea = start_production
    days = 10
}
add_ideas = no_change_production
set_convoys = 55 

#if = {
#	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
#		set_naval_oob = "AEF_1943_naval_mtg"
#	else = {
#		set_naval_oob = "AEF_1943_naval_legacy"
#	}
#}
add_ideas = { no_influence_effect beholden_to_fuhrer confused_chain_of_command auftragstaktik efficient_anti_air }
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	  }create_intelligence_agency = {
    name = "Abwehr"
    icon = GFX_intelligence_agency_logo_ger
}
declare_war_on = {
		target = AEF
		type = annex_everything
	}
add_offsite_building = { type = arms_factory level = 280 }
add_offsite_building = { type = industrial_complex level = 75 }

set_variable = { var = influence_number
		value = 56 }
set_research_slots = 1
set_stability = 1
set_war_support = 0.7
add_command_power = 120








#### Panzergruppe West
# I SS Panzerkorps
recruit_character = MOD_Sepp_Dietrich
recruit_character = MOD_Theodor_Wisch
recruit_character = MOD_Kurt_Myer
recruit_character = MOD_Werner_Ostendorff

# II SS Panzerkorps
recruit_character = MOD_Paul_Hausser
recruit_character = MOD_Heinz_Lammerding
recruit_character = MOD_Heinz_Harmel
recruit_character = MOD_Wilhelm_Bittrich

# 58. Panzerkorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Walter_Kruger
recruit_character = MOD_Edgar_Feuchtinger
recruit_character = MOD_Fritz_Bayerlein

#### 7. Armee
# 25. Armeekorps
recruit_character = MOD_Wilhelm_Fahrmbacher

# 74. Armeekorps
recruit_character = MOD_Erich_Straube

# 84. Armeekorps
recruit_character = MOD_Erich_Marcks


# 2. Fallschirm-Korps
recruit_character = MOD_Eugen_Meindl

#### 15. Armee 
# 67. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Walter_Weikersthal

# 81. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Adolf_Kuntzen

# 82. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Johann_Sinnhuber

# 89. Armeekorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Werner_Gilsa 

# 57. Panzerkorps 
recruit_character = MOD_Hasso_Manteuffel

# 80. Armeekorps
recruit_character = MOD_Otto_Stapf


recruit_character = MOD_Albert_Brandt
recruit_character = MOD_Hermann_Klein
recruit_character = MOD_Gustav_Krause
recruit_character = MOD_Wilhelm_Krause
recruit_character = MOD_Anton_Schenk
recruit_character = MOD_Gerhard_Reich
recruit_character = MOD_Rainer_Krause
recruit_character = MOD_Manfred_Klein
recruit_character = MOD_Hagen_Schreiber
recruit_character = MOD_Franz_Wenzel
recruit_character = MOD_Timm_Gross
recruit_character = MOD_Hermann_Sperling
recruit_character = MOD_Konrad_Dietrich
recruit_character = MOD_Max_Vogel
recruit_character = MOD_Henning_Schaefer
recruit_character = MOD_Baldur_Klein
recruit_character = MOD_Falk_Schneider
recruit_character = MOD_Arnold_Ziegler
recruit_character = MOD_Rainer_Richter
recruit_character = MOD_Erich_Wagner
recruit_character = MOD_Joachim_Vogel
recruit_character = MOD_Heinrich_Vogel
recruit_character = MOD_Hans_Peters
recruit_character = MOD_Hugo_Schaefer
recruit_character = MOD_Bernd_Walter
recruit_character = MOD_Armin_Klein
recruit_character = MOD_Erwin_Haas
recruit_character = MOD_Joachim_Eckert
recruit_character = MOD_Egon_Braun
recruit_character = MOD_Hugo_Reich
recruit_character = MOD_Alwin_Braun
recruit_character = MOD_Fritz_Vogelbaum
recruit_character = MOD_Alwin_Gross
recruit_character = MOD_Leopold_Schneider
recruit_character = MOD_Alwin_Wolf
recruit_character = MOD_Leonhard_Vogel
recruit_character = MOD_Theodor_Fischer
recruit_character = MOD_Hans_Ritter
recruit_character = MOD_Alfred_Schultz
recruit_character = MOD_Albert_Schwarz
recruit_character = MOD_Gero_Brandt
recruit_character = MOD_Knut_Walter
recruit_character = MOD_Adolf_Baum
recruit_character = MOD_Bernd_Klein
recruit_character = MOD_Hans_Walter
recruit_character = MOD_Henning_Koch
recruit_character = MOD_Edgar_Gross
recruit_character = MOD_Konrad_Schneider
recruit_character = MOD_Marco_Walter
recruit_character = MOD_Gero_Bauer







######################################################################### Legacy
recruit_character = GER_gerd_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = GER_erwin_rommel
recruit_character = GER_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = GER_walter_model
recruit_character = GER_erich_straube
recruit_character = GER_erich_marcks
recruit_character = GER_eugen_meindl
recruit_character = GER_johannes_blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_fahrmbacher
recruit_character = GER_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_dollmann
recruit_character = GER_hans_von_salmuth
recruit_character = GER_von_weikersthal
recruit_character = GER_sepp_dietrich
recruit_character = GER_hasso_von_manteuffel
recruit_character = GER_karl_donitz
recruit_character = GER_alfred_saalwachter
recruit_character = GER_hermann_boehm
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_marschall
recruit_character = GER_von_braun
recruit_character = GER_heisenberg
recruit_character = GER_wolfram_von_richthofen
recruit_character = GER_walther_wever
recruit_character = GER_ernst_udet
recruit_character = GER_otto_ciliax
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_beck
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_keitel
recruit_character = GER_walter_warlimont
recruit_character = GER_hermann_goring
recruit_character = GER_ferdinand_schorner
recruit_character = GER_werner_von_fritsch
recruit_character = GER_hugo_sperrle
recruit_character = GER_erhard_milch
recruit_character = GER_erich_bey
recruit_character = GER_viktor_schutze
recruit_character = GER_albert_speer
recruit_character = GER_joseph_goebbels
recruit_character = GER_martin_bormann
recruit_character = GER_claus_von_stauffenberg
recruit_character = GER_henning_von_trecksow
recruit_character = GER_hermann_fegelein
recruit_character = GER_heinrich_himmler
recruit_character = GER_rudolf_von_sturmgeist
recruit_character = GER_german_rock
recruit_character = GER_leo_geyr_von_schweppenburg
recruit_character = GER_alfred_jodl
recruit_character = GER_hasso_von_wedel
recruit_character = GER_hans_speidel
recruit_character = GER_hans_krebs
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
	
}

set_technology = {
radio_detection = 1
	decimetric_radar = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_signal_company2 = 1
	tech_signal_company3 = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_logistics_company2 = 1 
	tech_logistics_company3 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company2 = 1
	tech_maintenance_company3 = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_field_hospital2 = 1
	tech_field_hospital3 = 1
	tech_military_police = 1 
	tech_military_police2 = 1 
	tech_engineers3 = 1
	tech_recon2 = 1
	tech_recon3 = 1
	tech_engineers2 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons_2 = 1
	infantry_at = 1
	infantry_at2 = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	paratroopers2 = 1
	advanced_machine_tools = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	support_weapons3 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1 
	delay = 1
	elastic_defence = 1
	armored_spearhead = 1
	schwerpunk = 1 
	blitzkrieg = 1
	kampfgruppe = 1
	base_strike = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	armored_car1 = 1 
	armored_car2 = 1 
	armored_car3 = 1
	armored_car_at_upgrade = 1 
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	marines = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mechanised_infantry = 1 
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	computing_machine = 1
	improved_computing_machine = 1
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	improved_machine_tools = 1
	assembly_line_production = 1
	improved_equipment_conversion = 1
	flexible_line = 1
	dispersed_industry = 1
	dispersed_industry2 = 1
	dispersed_industry3 = 1
	dispersed_industry4 = 1
	dispersed_industry5 = 1
	fuel_refining2 = 1
	fuel_refining3 = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	oil_processing = 1
	improved_oil_processing = 1
	construction1 = 1
	construction2 = 1
	construction3 = 1
	construction4 = 1
	construction5 = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	artillery1 = 1
	artillery3 = 1
	artillery2 = 1
	artillery4 = 1
	artillery5 = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	antiair1 = 1
	antiair2 = 1
	antiair3 = 1
	antiair4 = 1
	antiair5 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	antitank2 = 1
	antitank3 = 1
	antitank4 = 1
	antitank5 = 1
	rocket_artillery = 1
	wartime_train = 1
	armored_train = 1 	
	railway_gun = 1
	
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		basic_light_td = 1
		basic_light_art = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
		basic_medium_tank = 1 #pz3
		improved_medium_tank = 1 #Pz4
		basic_medium_td = 1 #Stug3
		basic_medium_art = 1
		improved_medium_tank = 1
		improved_medium_td = 1 #jagdpanzer 4
		advanced_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_medium_art = 1 
		improved_medium_spaa = 1 #wirbelwind/ostwind
		advanced_medium_tank = 1 #panther
		basic_heavy_tank = 1
		improved_heavy_tank = 1 
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		advanced_light_tank_chassis = 1
		basic_medium_tank_chassis  = 1
		improved_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		advanced_medium_tank_chassis = 1 
		basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		advanced_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1 
		armor_tech_1 = 1 
	armor_tech_2 = 1 
	armor_tech_3 = 1
	armor_tech_4 = 1 
	engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
		engine_tech_3 = 1
		armor_tech_4 = 1
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Panzer II 'Luchs'"
			type = light_tank_chassis_3
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_auto_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = empty
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 6
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Luchs.dds"
		}

create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Flakpanzer IV Wirbelwind"
			type = medium_tank_aa_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_anti_air_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = empty
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Wirbelwind.dds"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hummel"
			type = medium_tank_artillery_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_howitzer
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = empty
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Hummel.dds"
		}

create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Wespe"
			type = light_tank_artillery_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_medium_howitzer
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = empty
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Wespe.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Marder II"
			type = light_tank_destroyer_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 4
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Marder2.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Marder III"
			type = light_tank_destroyer_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 4
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Marder3.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Jagdpanzer 38(t) Hetzer"
			type = light_tank_destroyer_chassis_3
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 12
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Hetzer.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sturmhaubitze 42"
			type = medium_tank_artillery_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_medium_howitzer
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = empty
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 5
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Stuh42.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Panzer III Ausf. M"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 0
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Panzer3M.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Panzer III Ausf. N"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 0
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Panzer3N.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Somua S35"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_two_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 0
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_S35.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hotchkiss H35/39"
			type = light_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_cast_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 25
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_H35.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Panzer IV Ausf. G"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Panzer4G.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Panzer IV Ausf. H"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = armor_skirts
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 8
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 5
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Panzer4H.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Panther Ausf. A"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_3
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_3
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_interleaved_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = sloped_armor
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 9
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_PantherA.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Panther Ausf. G"
			type = medium_tank_chassis_3
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_3
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_interleaved_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
				special_type_slot_4 = sloped_armor
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 10
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_PantherG.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "StuG III Ausf. F8"
			type = medium_tank_destroyer_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 10
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Stug3F8.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "StuG III Ausf. G"
			type = medium_tank_destroyer_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = armor_skirts
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 11
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 12
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Stug3G.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "StuG IV"
			type = medium_tank_destroyer_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = armor_skirts
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 6
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Stug4.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Jagdpanzer IV/70"
			type = medium_tank_destroyer_chassis_3
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_3
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = armor_skirts
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 9
				tank_gun_upgrade = 6
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Jagdpanzer.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Jagdpanzer V Jagdpanther"
			type = heavy_tank_destroyer_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_cannon_3
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = armor_skirts
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 5
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Jagdpanther.dds"
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nashorn"
			type = heavy_tank_destroyer_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_cannon_3
				turret_type_slot = tank_medium_fixed_superstructure_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_2
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = easy_maintenance
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Nashorn.dds"
		}
			
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tiger Ausf. E"
			type = heavy_tank_chassis_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_cannon_2
				turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_interleaved_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = armor_skirts
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 10
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_TigerE.dds"
		}
}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tiger Ausf. B"
			type = heavy_tank_chassis_3
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_cannon_3
				turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_three_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_interleaved_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
				special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
				special_type_slot_3 = armor_skirts
				special_type_slot_4 = empty
			}
			upgrades = {
				tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 7
				tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 16
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_KingTiger.dds"
		}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	}

}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "GER_1943_Air_Mod"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			aa_hmg = 1
			survivability_studies = 1
			photo_reconnaisance = 1 
	basic_large_airframe = 1 
	improved_large_airframe = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			engines_3 = 1
			engines_4 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			range_improvements = 1 
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			iw_large_airframe = 1
			improved_medium_airframe  = 1 
			improved_small_airframe = 1
}
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bf 109G-2"
		type = small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_2_1x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_3_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Bf109G2.dds"
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bf 109G-6"
		type = small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_2_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_3_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Bf109G6.dds"
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fw 190A-5"
		type = small_plane_airframe_2
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_2_1x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 =	aircraft_cannon_2_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 =	aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_4_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = armor_plate_small
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Fw190A5.dds"
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fw 190A-8"
		type = small_plane_airframe_2
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_2_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 =	aircraft_cannon_2_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 =	aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_4_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = armor_plate_small
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Fw190A8.dds"
	}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bf 110" 
			type = medium_plane_fighter_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_1x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = heavy_mg_4x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = rocket_rails
				engine_type_slot = engine_3_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
				special_type_slot_2 = armor_plate_medium
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Bf110.dds"
		}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ju 87D5 'Stuka'"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
			special_type_slot_2 = dive_brakes_small
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Ju87D5.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "He 111 H16" 
			type = medium_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = heavy_mg_2x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = empty
				engine_type_slot = engine_3_2x
				special_type_slot_1 = hmg_defense_turret_2x
				special_type_slot_2 = hmg_defense_turret_2x
				special_type_slot_3 = empty
			}
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_He111H16.dds"
		}

	else = {
		set_air_oob = "GER_1943_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			cv_CAS1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			CAS1 = 1
			fighter1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			tactical_bomber1 = 1
			strategic_bomber1 = 1
			CAS1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_fighter = 1
		cv_fighter1 = 1 
		fighter2 = 1
		fighter3 = 1
		CAS2 = 1
		CAS3 = 1
		heavy_fighter1 = 1
		heavy_fighter2 = 1 
		heavy_fighter3 = 1 
		scout_plane1 = 1
		scout_plane2 = 1
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
		tactical_bomber2 = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1 
		strategic_bomber2 = 1 
		}
	}
}
### EQUIPMENT VARIANTS
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sd.Kfz. 222"
			type = armored_car_equipment_1
			parent_version = 0
	
			
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Sdkfz222.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sd.Kfz. 231"
			type = armored_car_equipment_2
			parent_version = 0
	
			
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Sdkfz231.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sd.Kfz. 234 Puma"
			type = armored_car_at_equipment
			parent_version = 0
	
			
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Puma.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sd.Kfz. 250"
			type = mechanized_equipment_1
			parent_version = 0
	
			
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Sdkfz250.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sd.Kfz. 251"
			type = mechanized_equipment_2
			parent_version = 0
	
			
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Sdkfz251.tga"
		}


create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "10.5 cm leFH 18/40"
			type = artillery_equipment_1
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Lefh18M.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "15 cm sFH 18/40"
			type = artillery_equipment_2
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Sfh18.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "21 cm Mörser 18"
			type = artillery_equipment_3
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Morser.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Opel Blitz 3.6"
			type = motorized_equipment_1
			parent_version = 0

			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_OpelBlitz.tga"
		}

create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "2 cm Flakvierling 38"
			type = anti_air_equipment_1 
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Flak38.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "3.7 cm Flak 37"
			type = anti_air_equipment_2 
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Flak43.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "8.8 cm Flak 36"
			type = anti_air_equipment_3 
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_88mm.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "5 cm Pak 38"
			type = anti_tank_equipment_1 
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Pak38.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "7.5 cm Pak 40"
			type = anti_tank_equipment_2 
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Pak40.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "8.8 cm Pak 43"
			type = anti_tank_equipment_3 
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_Pak43.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "MG-42/Stielhandgranate 24/Panzerfaust"
			type = support_equipment_1
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/SupportEquipment.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Karabiner 98k"
			type = infantry_equipment_1
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_K98.tga"
		}
create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "MP 40"
			type = infantry_equipment_2
			parent_version = 0
	
		
			icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/GER_MP40.tga"
		}
		
### STOCKPILE 


add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = support_equipment_1   variant_name = "MG-42/Stielhandgranate 24/Panzerfaust"   amount = 4300 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = motorized_equipment_1 	variant_name = "Opel Blitz 3.6" amount = 6900 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = train_equipment_3      amount = 420 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = train_equipment_2      amount = 590 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = train_equipment_1     amount = 6975 }

add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = anti_air_equipment_1   variant_name = "2 cm Flakvierling 38" amount = 640 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = anti_air_equipment_2   variant_name = "3.7 cm Flak 37" amount = 355 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = anti_air_equipment_3   variant_name = "8.8 cm Flak 36" amount = 205 }


add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = anti_tank_equipment_1  variant_name = "5 cm Pak 38"  amount = 437 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = anti_tank_equipment_2   variant_name = "7.5 cm Pak 40" amount = 838 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = anti_tank_equipment_3  variant_name = "8.8 cm Pak 43"  amount = 38 }

add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = artillery_equipment_1  variant_name = "10.5 cm leFH 18/40"  amount = 1932 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = artillery_equipment_2  variant_name = "15 cm sFH 18"  amount = 779 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = artillery_equipment_3   variant_name = "21 cm Mörser 18" amount = 115 }

add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = infantry_equipment_1  variant_name = "Karabiner 98k"  amount = 59232 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = infantry_equipment_2  variant_name = "MP 40"  amount = 14550 }

add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = armored_car_equipment_1  variant_name = "Sd.Kfz. 222"  amount = 238 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = armored_car_equipment_2   variant_name = "Sd.Kfz. 231" amount = 132 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = armored_car_at_equipment   variant_name = "Sd.Kfz. 234 Puma" amount = 84 }

add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = mechanized_equipment_1  variant_name = "Sd.Kfz. 250" amount = 327 }
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { type = mechanized_equipment_2  variant_name = "Sd.Kfz. 251" amount = 922 }


}
1944.6.6.7 = { drop_cosmetic_tag = yes 
	remove_country_leader_role = {
    character = GER_gerd_von_rundstedt
    ideology = nazism
}
}
1944.12.24.1 = { 
	retire_character = GER_erwin_rommel
	create_country_leader = {
	name = "Walther Model"
	desc = "POLITICS_MODEL_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/GER/Model.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = nazism
	traits = {
		
	}
}	



 }





